# TYPE envoy_cluster_assignment_stale counter
envoy_cluster_assignment_stale{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_assignment_timeout_received counter
envoy_cluster_assignment_timeout_received{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_bind_errors counter
envoy_cluster_bind_errors{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_default_total_match_count counter
envoy_cluster_default_total_match_count{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_dropped_headers_with_underscores counter
envoy_cluster_http2_dropped_headers_with_underscores{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_header_overflow counter
envoy_cluster_http2_header_overflow{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_headers_cb_no_stream counter
envoy_cluster_http2_headers_cb_no_stream{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_inbound_empty_frames_flood counter
envoy_cluster_http2_inbound_empty_frames_flood{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_inbound_priority_frames_flood counter
envoy_cluster_http2_inbound_priority_frames_flood{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_inbound_window_update_frames_flood counter
envoy_cluster_http2_inbound_window_update_frames_flood{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_keepalive_timeout counter
envoy_cluster_http2_keepalive_timeout{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_metadata_empty_frames counter
envoy_cluster_http2_metadata_empty_frames{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_outbound_control_flood counter
envoy_cluster_http2_outbound_control_flood{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_outbound_flood counter
envoy_cluster_http2_outbound_flood{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_requests_rejected_with_underscores_in_headers counter
envoy_cluster_http2_requests_rejected_with_underscores_in_headers{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_rx_messaging_error counter
envoy_cluster_http2_rx_messaging_error{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_rx_reset counter
envoy_cluster_http2_rx_reset{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_stream_refused_errors counter
envoy_cluster_http2_stream_refused_errors{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_trailers counter
envoy_cluster_http2_trailers{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_tx_flush_timeout counter
envoy_cluster_http2_tx_flush_timeout{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_tx_reset counter
envoy_cluster_http2_tx_reset{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_internal_upstream_rq counter
envoy_cluster_internal_upstream_rq{response_code_class="2xx",cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_internal_upstream_rq_200 counter
envoy_cluster_internal_upstream_rq_200{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_internal_upstream_rq_completed counter
envoy_cluster_internal_upstream_rq_completed{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_healthy_panic counter
envoy_cluster_lb_healthy_panic{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_local_cluster_not_ok counter
envoy_cluster_lb_local_cluster_not_ok{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_recalculate_zone_structures counter
envoy_cluster_lb_recalculate_zone_structures{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_created counter
envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_created{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_fallback counter
envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_fallback{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_fallback_panic counter
envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_fallback_panic{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_removed counter
envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_removed{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_selected counter
envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_selected{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_zone_cluster_too_small counter
envoy_cluster_lb_zone_cluster_too_small{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_zone_no_capacity_left counter
envoy_cluster_lb_zone_no_capacity_left{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_zone_number_differs counter
envoy_cluster_lb_zone_number_differs{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_zone_routing_all_directly counter
envoy_cluster_lb_zone_routing_all_directly{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_zone_routing_cross_zone counter
envoy_cluster_lb_zone_routing_cross_zone{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_zone_routing_sampled counter
envoy_cluster_lb_zone_routing_sampled{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_membership_change counter
envoy_cluster_membership_change{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_original_dst_host_invalid counter
envoy_cluster_original_dst_host_invalid{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_retry_or_shadow_abandoned counter
envoy_cluster_retry_or_shadow_abandoned{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_update_attempt counter
envoy_cluster_update_attempt{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_update_empty counter
envoy_cluster_update_empty{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_update_failure counter
envoy_cluster_update_failure{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_update_no_rebuild counter
envoy_cluster_update_no_rebuild{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_update_success counter
envoy_cluster_update_success{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_close_notify counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_close_notify{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_attempts_exceeded counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_attempts_exceeded{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_fail counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_fail{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_timeout counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_timeout{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_with_0_rtt counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_with_0_rtt{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy_local counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy_local{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy_local_with_active_rq counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy_local_with_active_rq{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy_remote counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy_remote{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy_remote_with_active_rq counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy_remote_with_active_rq{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy_with_active_rq counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_destroy_with_active_rq{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_http1_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_http1_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_http2_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_http2_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_http3_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_http3_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_idle_timeout counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_idle_timeout{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_max_duration_reached counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_max_duration_reached{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_max_requests counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_max_requests{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_none_healthy counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_none_healthy{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_overflow counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_overflow{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_pool_overflow counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_pool_overflow{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_protocol_error counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_protocol_error{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_rx_bytes_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_rx_bytes_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1054638

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_tx_bytes_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_tx_bytes_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 77014

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_flow_control_backed_up_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_flow_control_backed_up_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_flow_control_drained_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_flow_control_drained_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_flow_control_paused_reading_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_flow_control_paused_reading_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_flow_control_resumed_reading_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_flow_control_resumed_reading_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_internal_redirect_failed_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_internal_redirect_failed_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_internal_redirect_succeeded_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_internal_redirect_succeeded_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq{response_code_class="2xx",cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_200 counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_200{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_cancelled counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_cancelled{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_completed counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_completed{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_maintenance_mode counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_maintenance_mode{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_max_duration_reached counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_max_duration_reached{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_pending_failure_eject counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_pending_failure_eject{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_pending_overflow counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_pending_overflow{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_pending_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_pending_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_per_try_idle_timeout counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_per_try_idle_timeout{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_per_try_timeout counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_per_try_timeout{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry_backoff_exponential counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry_backoff_exponential{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry_backoff_ratelimited counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry_backoff_ratelimited{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry_limit_exceeded counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry_limit_exceeded{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry_overflow counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry_overflow{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry_success counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_retry_success{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_rx_reset counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_rx_reset{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_timeout counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_timeout{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_total counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_tx_reset counter
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_tx_reset{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_zone_us_central1_c__upstream_rq counter
envoy_cluster_zone_us_central1_c__upstream_rq{response_code_class="2xx",cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_zone_us_central1_c__upstream_rq_200 counter
envoy_cluster_zone_us_central1_c__upstream_rq_200{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_zone_us_central1_c__upstream_rq_completed counter
envoy_cluster_zone_us_central1_c__upstream_rq_completed{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cds_init_fetch_timeout counter
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_init_fetch_timeout{} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_attempt counter
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_attempt{} 15

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_failure counter
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_failure{} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_rejected counter
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_rejected{} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_success counter
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_success{} 13

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cluster_added counter
envoy_cluster_manager_cluster_added{} 27

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cluster_modified counter
envoy_cluster_manager_cluster_modified{} 3

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cluster_removed counter
envoy_cluster_manager_cluster_removed{} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cluster_updated counter
envoy_cluster_manager_cluster_updated{} 6

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cluster_updated_via_merge counter
envoy_cluster_manager_cluster_updated_via_merge{} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_update_merge_cancelled counter
envoy_cluster_manager_update_merge_cancelled{} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_update_out_of_merge_window counter
envoy_cluster_manager_update_out_of_merge_window{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_lds_init_fetch_timeout counter
envoy_listener_manager_lds_init_fetch_timeout{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_attempt counter
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_attempt{} 15

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_failure counter
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_failure{} 1

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_rejected counter
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_rejected{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_success counter
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_success{} 13

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_listener_added counter
envoy_listener_manager_listener_added{} 19

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_listener_create_failure counter
envoy_listener_manager_listener_create_failure{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_listener_create_success counter
envoy_listener_manager_listener_create_success{} 38

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_listener_in_place_updated counter
envoy_listener_manager_listener_in_place_updated{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_listener_modified counter
envoy_listener_manager_listener_modified{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_listener_removed counter
envoy_listener_manager_listener_removed{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_listener_stopped counter
envoy_listener_manager_listener_stopped{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_debug_assertion_failures counter
envoy_server_debug_assertion_failures{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_dropped_stat_flushes counter
envoy_server_dropped_stat_flushes{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_dynamic_unknown_fields counter
envoy_server_dynamic_unknown_fields{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_envoy_bug_failures counter
envoy_server_envoy_bug_failures{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_main_thread_watchdog_mega_miss counter
envoy_server_main_thread_watchdog_mega_miss{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_main_thread_watchdog_miss counter
envoy_server_main_thread_watchdog_miss{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_static_unknown_fields counter
envoy_server_static_unknown_fields{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_wip_protos counter
envoy_server_wip_protos{} 182

# TYPE envoy_server_worker_0_watchdog_mega_miss counter
envoy_server_worker_0_watchdog_mega_miss{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_worker_0_watchdog_miss counter
envoy_server_worker_0_watchdog_miss{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_worker_1_watchdog_mega_miss counter
envoy_server_worker_1_watchdog_mega_miss{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_worker_1_watchdog_miss counter
envoy_server_worker_1_watchdog_miss{} 0

# TYPE envoy_wasm_envoy_wasm_runtime_null_created counter
envoy_wasm_envoy_wasm_runtime_null_created{} 25

# TYPE envoy_wasm_remote_load_cache_hits counter
envoy_wasm_remote_load_cache_hits{} 0

# TYPE envoy_wasm_remote_load_cache_misses counter
envoy_wasm_remote_load_cache_misses{} 0

# TYPE envoy_wasm_remote_load_cache_negative_hits counter
envoy_wasm_remote_load_cache_negative_hits{} 0

# TYPE envoy_wasm_remote_load_fetch_failures counter
envoy_wasm_remote_load_fetch_failures{} 0

# TYPE envoy_wasm_remote_load_fetch_successes counter
envoy_wasm_remote_load_fetch_successes{} 0

# TYPE istio_requests_total counter
istio_requests_total{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1"} 2

# TYPE metric_cache_count counter
metric_cache_count{cache="hit",wasm_filter="stats_filter"} 0
metric_cache_count{cache="miss",wasm_filter="stats_filter"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_default_cx_open gauge
envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_default_cx_open{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_default_cx_pool_open gauge
envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_default_cx_pool_open{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_default_rq_open gauge
envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_default_rq_open{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_default_rq_pending_open gauge
envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_default_rq_pending_open{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_default_rq_retry_open gauge
envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_default_rq_retry_open{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_high_cx_open gauge
envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_high_cx_open{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_high_cx_pool_open gauge
envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_high_cx_pool_open{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_high_rq_open gauge
envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_high_rq_open{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_high_rq_pending_open gauge
envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_high_rq_pending_open{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_high_rq_retry_open gauge
envoy_cluster_circuit_breakers_high_rq_retry_open{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_deferred_stream_close gauge
envoy_cluster_http2_deferred_stream_close{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_pending_send_bytes gauge
envoy_cluster_http2_pending_send_bytes{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_http2_streams_active gauge
envoy_cluster_http2_streams_active{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_active gauge
envoy_cluster_lb_subsets_active{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_max_host_weight gauge
envoy_cluster_max_host_weight{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_membership_degraded gauge
envoy_cluster_membership_degraded{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_membership_excluded gauge
envoy_cluster_membership_excluded{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_membership_healthy gauge
envoy_cluster_membership_healthy{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_membership_total gauge
envoy_cluster_membership_total{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_active gauge
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_active{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_rx_bytes_buffered gauge
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_rx_bytes_buffered{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 17

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_tx_bytes_buffered gauge
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_tx_bytes_buffered{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_active gauge
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_active{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_pending_active gauge
envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_pending_active{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_version gauge
envoy_cluster_version{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 0

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_active_clusters gauge
envoy_cluster_manager_active_clusters{} 25

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_time gauge
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_time{} 1665502713870

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cds_version gauge
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_version{} 17538649091258326025

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_warming_clusters gauge
envoy_cluster_manager_warming_clusters{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_time gauge
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_time{} 1665502713874

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_lds_version gauge
envoy_listener_manager_lds_version{} 17538649091258326025

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_total_filter_chains_draining gauge
envoy_listener_manager_total_filter_chains_draining{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_total_listeners_active gauge
envoy_listener_manager_total_listeners_active{} 19

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_total_listeners_draining gauge
envoy_listener_manager_total_listeners_draining{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_total_listeners_warming gauge
envoy_listener_manager_total_listeners_warming{} 0

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_workers_started gauge
envoy_listener_manager_workers_started{} 1

# TYPE envoy_server_compilation_settings_fips_mode gauge
envoy_server_compilation_settings_fips_mode{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_concurrency gauge
envoy_server_concurrency{} 2

# TYPE envoy_server_days_until_first_cert_expiring gauge
envoy_server_days_until_first_cert_expiring{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_hot_restart_epoch gauge
envoy_server_hot_restart_epoch{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_live gauge
envoy_server_live{} 1

# TYPE envoy_server_memory_allocated gauge
envoy_server_memory_allocated{} 10150424

# TYPE envoy_server_memory_heap_size gauge
envoy_server_memory_heap_size{} 12582912

# TYPE envoy_server_memory_physical_size gauge
envoy_server_memory_physical_size{} 15204352

# TYPE envoy_server_parent_connections gauge
envoy_server_parent_connections{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_seconds_until_first_ocsp_response_expiring gauge
envoy_server_seconds_until_first_ocsp_response_expiring{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_state gauge
envoy_server_state{} 0

# TYPE envoy_server_stats_recent_lookups gauge
envoy_server_stats_recent_lookups{} 6169

# TYPE envoy_server_total_connections gauge
envoy_server_total_connections{} 1

# TYPE envoy_server_uptime gauge
envoy_server_uptime{} 2830

# TYPE envoy_server_version gauge
envoy_server_version{} 1816143

# TYPE envoy_wasm_envoy_wasm_runtime_null_active gauge
envoy_wasm_envoy_wasm_runtime_null_active{} 19

# TYPE envoy_wasm_remote_load_cache_entries gauge
envoy_wasm_remote_load_cache_entries{} 0

# TYPE istio_build gauge
istio_build{component="proxy",tag="1.14.4"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms histogram
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="0.5"} 1
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="1"} 1
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="5"} 1
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="10"} 1
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="25"} 1
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="50"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="100"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="250"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="500"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="1000"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="2500"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="5000"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="10000"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="30000"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="60000"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="300000"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="600000"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="1800000"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="3600000"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="+Inf"} 2
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_sum{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 28.5
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_connect_ms_count{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 2

# TYPE envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms histogram
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="0.5"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="1"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="5"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="10"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="25"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="50"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="100"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="250"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="500"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="1000"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="2500"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="5000"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="10000"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="30000"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="60000"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="300000"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="600000"} 0
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="1800000"} 1
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="3600000"} 1
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_bucket{cluster_name="xds-grpc",le="+Inf"} 1
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_sum{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1750000
envoy_cluster_upstream_cx_length_ms_count{cluster_name="xds-grpc"} 1

# TYPE envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration histogram
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="0.5"} 3
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="1"} 3
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="5"} 12
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="10"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="25"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="50"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="100"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="250"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="500"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="1000"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="2500"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="5000"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="10000"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="30000"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="60000"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="300000"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="600000"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="1800000"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="3600000"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_bucket{le="+Inf"} 13
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_sum{} 21.5
envoy_cluster_manager_cds_update_duration_count{} 13

# TYPE envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration histogram
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="0.5"} 0
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="1"} 0
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="5"} 12
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="10"} 12
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="25"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="50"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="100"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="250"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="500"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="1000"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="2500"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="5000"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="10000"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="30000"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="60000"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="300000"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="600000"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="1800000"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="3600000"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_bucket{le="+Inf"} 13
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_sum{} 45.1000000000000014210854715202
envoy_listener_manager_lds_update_duration_count{} 13

# TYPE envoy_server_initialization_time_ms histogram
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="0.5"} 0
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="1"} 0
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="5"} 0
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="10"} 0
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="25"} 0
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="50"} 0
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="100"} 0
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="250"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="500"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="1000"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="2500"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="5000"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="10000"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="30000"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="60000"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="300000"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="600000"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="1800000"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="3600000"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_bucket{le="+Inf"} 1
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_sum{} 205
envoy_server_initialization_time_ms_count{} 1

# TYPE istio_request_bytes histogram
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="0.5"} 0
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="1"} 0
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="5"} 0
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="10"} 0
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="25"} 0
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="50"} 0
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="100"} 0
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="250"} 0
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="500"} 0
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="1000"} 2
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="2500"} 2
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="5000"} 2
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="10000"} 2
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="30000"} 2
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="60000"} 2
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="300000"} 2
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="600000"} 2
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="1800000"} 2
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="3600000"} 2
istio_request_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="+Inf"} 2
istio_request_bytes_sum{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1"} 1010
istio_request_bytes_count{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1"} 2

# TYPE istio_request_duration_milliseconds histogram
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="0.5"} 0
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="1"} 0
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="5"} 0
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="10"} 0
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="25"} 0
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="50"} 0
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="100"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="250"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="500"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="1000"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="2500"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="5000"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="10000"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="30000"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="60000"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="300000"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="600000"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="1800000"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="3600000"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="+Inf"} 2
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_sum{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1"} 166
istio_request_duration_milliseconds_count{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1"} 2

# TYPE istio_response_bytes histogram
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="0.5"} 0
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="1"} 0
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="5"} 0
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="10"} 0
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="25"} 0
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="50"} 0
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="100"} 0
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="250"} 0
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="500"} 0
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="1000"} 0
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="2500"} 2
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="5000"} 2
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="10000"} 2
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="30000"} 2
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="60000"} 2
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="300000"} 2
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="600000"} 2
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="1800000"} 2
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="3600000"} 2
istio_response_bytes_bucket{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1",le="+Inf"} 2
istio_response_bytes_sum{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1"} 3100
istio_response_bytes_count{response_code="200",reporter="destination",source_workload="mysql",source_workload_namespace="test",source_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/test/sa/mysql-vm-sa",source_app="mysql",source_version="unknown",source_cluster="cluster1",destination_workload="helloworld-v1",destination_workload_namespace="sample",destination_principal="spiffe://cluster.local/ns/sample/sa/default",destination_app="helloworld",destination_version="v1",destination_service="helloworld.sample.svc.cluster.local",destination_service_name="helloworld",destination_service_namespace="sample",destination_cluster="cluster1",request_protocol="http",response_flags="-",grpc_response_status="",connection_security_policy="mutual_tls",source_canonical_service="mysql",destination_canonical_service="helloworld",source_canonical_revision="latest",destination_canonical_revision="v1"} 2

